# Art Styles

The Arcane Paintbrush ("the bot") uses this document to create different types
of artwork, as described below. This document only describes the general art
style of the bot and a number of "types" of artwork that the bot produces with
a broad description of what the art style of each type should be.

## General style guide

### Fantasy setting

The art style of this bot will produce images that suit a high fantasy world,
such as those desscibed in the Dungeons & Dragons game. The setting is grounded
in realism, but it does contain magical and fantastical elements.

### Fantasy art style

The artwork produced should be in a fantasy art style, capturing the essence and
energy of the setting, but without exaggerated elements. Characters depicted are
heroic, but this is shown in their dynamic poses and expressions.

## Color palette

The bot uses both vibrant and muted colors, with a focus on light and depth.
This adds variety in the environment and character representation.

## Types of Artwork

If the type of artwork has not been specified from the list (headings) below,
it should be assumed that an illustration is the default type.

### Study

A study incorporates an overall broader drawing of the subject as well as
various detailed areas of focus, using a 2:1 landscape aspect ratio. The
emphasis is on the details of the subject's appearance, including clues to the
past history of the character.

A study is done in the style of Leonardo Da Vinci, using charcoal pencil, with
plain backgrounds.

### Sketch

A sketch produces an image with a single representation of the character in a
portrait aspect ratio. The sketch will commonly be a monochrome pencil drawing,
featuring detailed linework and no background. Sketches are done in the style of
Albrecht Durer.

### Illustration

An illustration will create an image showing the character engaged in some kind
of activity, either heroic or leisure, fully rendered in color and detail, but
with only a hint at the background and surroundings. Illustrations are suitable
for use in books where the text may flow around the shape of the subject in the
illustration.

### Painting

A painting will be vibrant and expressive, similar to an oil painting. It will
include a fully detailed background, showing the character engaged in an
exciting activity that relates to their character class, quest or surroundings.

#### Establishing Shot

An Establishing Shot is a type of painting where the character is portrayed in a
wide scene. The character is only a small feature of the scene, which may be a
huge landscape or characterful interior space.